Q1: By underztanding my audience and their experise level, I am able to shape the way I
deliver technical information. With experts, I will ensure to include as much technical jargon
since they will bettter understand what I am saying in this way. but with the common mwananchi,
I will be plainer, simpler, use street slang, sheng,shengtezzo and analogies relatable to them
like the gen Z revolution and Smocha.

Q2: Some strategies to tailor my content to different audience types are selecting my tone and style,
interacting with an audience member beforehand to gauge their level, abd listen to feedback actively.
If i say something and there body language is off, i adjust my tone . If they look bored, i adjust my content.

Q3: To gauge the existing knowledge of my audience, i would ask them questions before beginning the presentation.
I would break the ice. I would give them a short test to do. 


Q4: To ensure the content is widely accessible, i wouold include citations , links and relevant e-books.


Q5: Using plain language over technical jargon in writing makes your work easier to understand, entertaining
to read because lets face it, if the idea is good but presented in a dull way, nobody will think twice about 
it. How one conveys the message is just as important as the content of the message itself.


Q6:Use instead of utilize or help instead of facilitate.Now with these simplifying terms , my pitch does not 
sound so complicated, like a professor from Western or an overeducated man.

Q7:Using visuals and examples helps make complex and abstract concepts concrete. Anaalogies are good examples
to use.

Q8: lFor different kinds of technical information ,some visuals are better than others. When presenting 
large amounts of info, use bar graphs or charts. When presenting financial information, one can use graphs.


Q9:Headings and sub-headings tell the audience the message in a few words. The audience is well informed.


Q10: The best practices in writing headings is to be short, and deliver the main message. 

Q11:Product Name and Brief Description,  Key Features, Problem statement and some screenshots.

Q13: purpose statement, product features and a call to action.